feat: display framework definition errors (#26183)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

_Released 04/11/2023 (PENDING)_

**Features:**

> - The wizard for setting up Component Testing will now show a warning if Cypress is unable to parse an installed [third party framework definition](https://on.cypress.io/component-integrations). Addresses [#25838](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25838).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Component Testing setup wizard will now show a warning message if an issue is encountered with an installed [third party framework definition](https://on.cypress.io/component-integrations). Addresses [#25838](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25838).
```

- Upgraded [`minimist`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/minimist) from `1.2.6` to `1.2.8` to address this [CVE-2021-44906](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-xvch-5gv4-984h) NVD security vulnerability. Addressed in [#26254](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26254).

**Misc:**

- Removed unintentional debug logs. Address in [#26411](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26411)

## 12.9.0

_Released 03/28/2023_

**Features:**

> 

Reviewer: Unintentional delete?

## 12.9.0

**Features:**

_Released 03/28/2023_

> 

Reviewer: Should these lines have moved? Bad merge?

Author: whoops, yeah something weird, changelog diff makes sense now
